Add missing spacing to the clear-color button of `ColorPicker` (#2834)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/afraid-rivers-talk.md

---
"@comet/admin-color-picker": patch
---

> Add a gap to `FooterClearButton` slot to prevent the typography from sticking to the color preview

Reviewer: The name `FooterClearButton` and the concept of slots is not really relevant to people using Comet in their projects

```suggestion
Add missing spacing to the clear-color button of `ColorPicker`
```

Author: Changed here: aab5772f03d13cba5232bf2e99c2a6426ef17e38
